Hello guys, welcome back to Chris Poli Channel. This video I want to share about sneak peek from Korea server huge event content that probably some of them have chance to release outside Korea server in future. Okay to enjoy watch my video. Make sure you turn on this video subtitle and also you can use timestamp that I already provide to go to target topic that you want. And if you haven't subscribed yet, to get any update and guide on Black Desert world. Okay, let's start this video content using any feature that I provide. Okay, after 8 May 2024 maintenance update on Korea server, they just announced upcoming huge event for their region server. And if I translate this website, this is GM note about sneak peek for 530 event prepare to celebrate 5 year anniversary for Korea server self publishing by Pearl Abyss. when Black Desert released for first time on Korea server publisher for Black Desert Online is not Pearl Abyss themselves but published by Daum and if I check the detail info for this Daum cooperation actually this is owned by Kakao Games as publisher for Black Desert Online when released on Korea server for first time. But as you already know right now all region Black Desert Online already self publishing by Pearl Abyss themselves and this is celebration for self publishing Korea server for their 5th anniversary and surprisingly on this official website on Korea server they also just announced any event that they will release for next 4 weeks and as you can see for this first week event actually some of this event also come to our live server outside Korea that detail any event that release to any region server outside Korea at 8 May 2024 and this is also huge event for any other region server outside Korea that you can get all this free item from any new event that just starting after this week maintenance update so more detail about all this event you can check on this video but for sure not all event released to any other region server outside Korea and many other event is special for Korea server only like this first event This is about starter for this event that only occur on Korea region only and looks like this is collaboration event between Black Desert with another company on Korea and for any Korea server player also can get special item This is buff item for character specially for this dark chocolate cake to get all this buff for 3 hour duration. But surprisingly, Pribis also prepare similar icon cake for any other region server outside Korea I will show you later. Okay, the second event, this is special coupon code for Korea server player only to get 530 pieces cron stone that available until 12 June 2024 before reset time. And when I try to input this coupon code on Korea server account, as you can see when I input this code and claim it, I can claim this 530 pieces cron stone from this coupon code. and the third event from this list. This is play time challenge to get 50 pieces cron stone just by login to in game for 53 minutes every day until for June 2024 before reset time. The total Korea server player can get 1431 pieces cron stone if they fulfill this challenge every day during this event period. And then the fourth event. Korea this is about 10 pieces garment bundle per week that I also already explained on event recap at 8 May 2024. So this event that released on Korea live server also shared to any other region server outside Korea. And then the 5 event this is special event that only apply on Korea live server and this event is Time Wild Dream Horse that only apply on Korea server during this event. Actually about this Time Wild Dream Horse March 2024, Pribis also released this kind of event for console player that I mentioned about TEM Wild Tier 9 Horse from my previous news video that previously this TEM Wild Dream Horse on console version they released it for April full event and looks like this event is similar like they do previously on console version. But this is first time they release this TEM Wild Dream Horse on PC version this special horse that any people can find and catch it during this event. But this is not regular dream horse because this horse appearance like normal horse that have some effect either for dine that have grass effect and also some glowing on its head without any horn. And this is some preview for this Doom version that have appearance like burning normal horse. And last this is how it's look for wild Arduanatt with Feather and Wind Aura and by seeing Perebis release this event to Korea live server I think in future still possible Perebis also release this funny event to any other region server in future and then the 6th event that have icon Sakatu this is also event that also shared to any other region server outside Korea this is about to get Cron Stone from excavation note that I also already share detail info on previous event recap video 2024 when I mentioning about Cronstone from excavation and the 7th event is special event on Korea server only. This is about share about fun art of Black Desert that craft by any player on Korea server that they accept any kind of fun art, either illustration, any kind of fun art, figure, and etc. that have time Black Desert online. And this is the reward from this event either for any participant and also 10 winner from and then the 8th event this is about new NoteworryFame event that just starting after this maintenance done on Korea server only because currently on Korea server they already implement this new NoteworryFame and Prebiz still test this content on Korea live server before release it to any other region server outside Korea but for this new NoteworryFame have special event during this event period on Korea live server cost for constructing all guild building just flat to become 10 million silver only for each piece and also additional silver rewards in form of gold bar for any guild member who actively participate during this node war and the 9th event is the last event for this week. This is about live concert event that they will do on Korea server with some Korea server content creator for their streaming. prepare for this week and this is just first week for this huge event and next for the second week actually all this event still not starting yet because this event will starting on next week maintenance update at 14 May 2024 on Korea live server but they already give some sneak peek info by sharing some picture from this list and I think some of this event also will come to our live server outside Korea released to any other region server outside Korea, but to more easy speculating any event that they will prepare for next week maintenance update. I will try to translate this image to become English version. And as you can see, this is how it's look when I translate it to become English version for the 10 event. This is still coming soon, but by seeing this side picture with some arrow on her background, actually previously Prebis already use this picture review silver shop event and I think they also prepare some item from in game that we can purchase it using silver but looks like this 10 event only apply on Korea server. So just wait for Prebis update on next week maintenance update and the 11 event is about Magnus event. I think they will remove cost to use Magnus feature during this event period. And then for that 12 event, if I read this translation, and life skill and I think this is related with guild event, maybe related with guild mission and then for the 13th event, this is about special title for 5th anniversary self publishing on Korea server. So this part only apply for Korea live server. Maybe they will distribute special title that can be weird by any player on Korea server and then the 14th event this is still coming soon, but by seeing this picture previously also use this picture in the past for recruiting guild member event and I think they also will bring back this event on next week maintenance update and the 15 event is about fun time created by adventures and GM together. I think this is only apply on Korea live server. This is about some activity event with GM on Korea live server and then for the 16 event this is still coming soon, this part previously Prebiz just use this picture for hot time and special login rewards, but this is for Asia Championship event and this is very hard to predict what kind of event from this picture because for sure they will not do this Asia Championship near this time or maybe this is just some clue for special login rewards that only apply on Korea live server during this celebration and next the 17 event. but by seeing picture behind this post I think this is about screenshot event because until now this picture Prebys still not use for past event and this picture is new Primavera outfit or campus blossom outfit that just released recently and the last event for the second week the Actin event is another guild event but I'm not sure what kind of this guild event that Prebys will prepare for the second week for the second week which event that you think that also will release for any other region server outside Korea. Just let me know on this video comment section. Okay, next for the third week. This is some sneak peek info for any event that will starting at 22 May 2024 after maintenance and the 19th event from this list when I translate it to become English. This is about family mount Velia Roof invitation stone. that only occur on Korea live server and the 20 event still coming soon but by seeing this picture this is mentioning about both Blitz event or Black Shrine so they also will bring back this Black Shrine event on 3rd week and I think this event also will come to any other region server outside Korea and the 21 event is GM Surprise Quiz Show and the 22 event still coming soon, but by seeing this picture in the past, Prebis also use this picture for another excavation event to get some box at Finto farm and maybe Prebis will bring back this event in future specially after 22 May 2024 maintenance update and the 23 event if I see translation for this clue, this is about reset combat and skill experience order form distribute reroll scroll to Korea server player, but I'm still not sure about this event. Maybe if they release this reroll scroll, they will distribute this secret scroll of pure equilibrium that previously we also get this event item in the past that I share some guide for use this item on this video and the next at 24 event. This is still coming soon, but by seeing picture on this event, they just show red nose picture this can be field boss event or dark rift event that I still cannot make sure between field boss event or dark rift event but high probability this is become dark rift event that will release to any other region server too not only on Korea live server after 22 May 2024 maintenance update and then the 25 event this is already clearly mentioned about hot time event on this third week and maybe this hot time event also will apply to any other region server outside Korea and same as previous week event if you have any idea which event that they will release to any other region server outside Korea let me know on this video comment section and then for the fourth week that this event will starting at 29 May 2024 maintenance update the 26 event still coming soon used for this event previously, Pribees just use this picture for another guild leads event and maybe they also will bring back this guild leads event that also starting at 29 May 2024 maintenance update and then the 27th event. This is already clearly mentioned about Pribees official goodies discount sale and I think this event is about discount for per AB store that you can purchase official black desert goodies from this store. I'm not sure if this discount also will apply for any other region server outside Korea and then at 28 event this is still coming soon. But from this picture, this is already clearly mentioned about fishing event and then at 29 event this is also still coming soon. But this is also already clearly mentioned from this picture. This is about farming event. So from this 28 and 29 event, will starting at 29 May 2024 maintenance update and then for the 30 event this is mentioning about first one letter family name appears in Black Desert one letter family name Royal Auction and I think this is about Imperial Auction that only will occur on Black Desert Korea Live server but I'm not sure what kind of item that they will do on this auction during this event on Korea server and then for 31 event obtaining about 530 special access rewards for 5 anniversary self publishing. So I think this is special event that only available on Korea live server, but I'm not sure what content from this event. And then for 32 event this is still coming soon, but this picture already clearly mentioned about Patreggio Night Vendor event. And then for 33 event this is also still coming soon, Previously, Pribis just use this picture for copy gear event with one fuel only. So I think starting at 29 May 2024 maintenance update, they also will bring back this copy gear event using one fuel only and I think this event also will come to any other region server outside Korea and the last event for this fourth week number 34 This is about 530 Congratulations Special Cake Challenge event only apply on Korea live server, but I'm not sure what kind of event for this part and same as before, let me know on this video comment section about your thought which event that they also will release to any other region server outside Korea on this fourth week. And that's all any sneak peek event that Paribas already prepare for Black Desert Online during this May 2024 and stay tuned on Chris Poli Channel for sure I will cover all this event that they will release on event recap video series that I regularly release after every maintenance done. So you didn't miss any event that Perebis just release its maintenance update to get any free rewards by doing some activity on Black Desert and special thanks to all my membership for direct support via Patreon, Karyakarsa, and Youtube Membership Loren, Afrilka, Elphamilia, DrunkenBDio, Jeff as Gold member and also for all my Silver and Bronze Member Thank you so much for all your direct support This is will make Chris Poli Channel running and growing more faster. If you want to support me directly, I will feel very grateful and as special thanks I will put your name on my video depend on your support level and be notice at some level there are have some limit. this limited space and I will put your name on every subsequent video that I release for the duration of your support. And if you want to join my membership to support me directly, you can go to any platform for Patreon, KaryaKarsa, and Youtube Membership. I already put link for this membership on this video description, or you can check on top right of this video. I already put card for Patreon link. Hope by this information we can prepare if those event come to our live server in future. If you like this video, you can like and subscribe to my channel for another guide and update. Thank you for watching. See you next time. Thank you. 